Allow for environment name to be provided at runtime (#152)
elastic/apm-agent-android: docs/configuration.asciidoc

----

[float]
[[app-id-configuration]]
==== Application ID configuration

> You can provide your application name, version and its environment name dynamically by setting those when building your `ElasticApmConfiguration` instance as show below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide your application name, version, and environment dynamically when building your `ElasticApmConfiguration` instance as shown below:
```
